README.md, before:

# Welcome to Shoecommerce

This is a portfolio e-commerce SPA project for selling shoes. The project is separated into 3 components: server, client, and admin panel and represents fully functional end-to-end application. 

The main flow is: user chooses products -> adds them to the cart -> login/sign in to the account -> make a purchase -> admin change the order status -> user view that changes.     

There is a many implemented features such as: 
  - Searching
  - Filtering
  - Sorting
  - Paggination
  - Dynamic loading
  - Item per page
  - Alerts
  - Statistics
  - Sliders and more

The project is deployed on render.com and will be live:  
For the clien: [here](https://shoecommerce-client.onrender.com)  
For the Admin Panel: [here](https://shoecommerce-client-admin.onrender.com)  

> ** Because of the usage of free hosting plan you may not see the products at the beginning. Please give the server time to wake up.  

For credentials for the client, you can register or use:  
EMAIL: test@test.com  
PASSWORD: test123  

For credentials for the Admin Panel, please use:  
ADMIN EMAIL: admin@admin.com  
ADMIN PASSWORD: admin123  

# Server

For the server are used Flask as backend freamwork and PostgreSQL as database. The code is organized via MVC design pattern. You can find detailed information about the server [here](https://github.com/a-angeliev/Shoecommerce/blob/main/server/README.md) 

# Client

For the client part is used React as frontend framework. The code is organized into components. You can find detailed information about the client [here](https://github.com/a-angeliev/Shoecommerce/blob/main/client/README.md) 

# Admin Panel

For the admin panel is used React as frontend framework and the code is organized into components. It's used module imports for the css. You can find detailed information about the Admin Panel [here](https://github.com/a-angeliev/Shoecommerce/blob/main/client-admin/README.md)      
> The Admin Panel doesn't have responsive design

Commit message:

Update the admin panel README.md

README.md, after:

# Welcome to Shoecommerce

This is an e-commerce single-page application (SPA) portfolio project for selling shoes. The project is divided into three main components: server, client, and an admin panel, representing a fully functional end-to-end application.    

The main user flow is as follows: a user selects products, adds them to the cart, logs in or signs up, makes a purchase, and the admin can then update the order status, which the user can view.    

There are many more implemented features, such as: 
  - Searching
  - Filtering
  - Sorting
  - Paggination
  - Dynamic loading
  - Item per page
  - Alerts
  - Statistics
  - Sliders and more

The project is deployed on render.com and will be live:  
For the clien: [here](https://shoecommerce-client.onrender.com)  
For the Admin Panel: [here](https://shoecommerce-client-admin.onrender.com)  

> ** Because of the usage of free hosting plan you may not see the products at the beginning. Please give the server time to wake up.  

As credentials for the client, you can register or use:  
EMAIL: test@test.com  
PASSWORD: test123  

As credentials for the Admin Panel, please use:  
ADMIN EMAIL: admin@admin.com  
ADMIN PASSWORD: admin123  

# Server

The server was build using Flask as backend freamwork and PostgreSQL as database. The code is organized via MVC design pattern. You can find detailed information about the server [here](https://github.com/a-angeliev/Shoecommerce/blob/main/server/README.md) 

# Client

The client was build using React as frontend framework. The code is organized into components. You can find detailed information about the client [here](https://github.com/a-angeliev/Shoecommerce/blob/main/client/README.md) 

# Admin Panel

The admin panel was build using React as frontend framework and the code is organized into components. Module imports were used for the css. You can find detailed information about the Admin Panel [here](https://github.com/a-angeliev/Shoecommerce/blob/main/client-admin/README.md)      
> The Admin Panel doesn't have responsive design
